last night in New York City they had
this if you do you see the Met Gala this
is like a party it's like a costume
party at the Metropolitan Museum of Art
all the celebrities go this theme this
year was fashion and the Catholic
imagination so Kim Kardashian wore a
cross on her stomach and on her haunch
there
JLo had a crucifix right there in the
center like a superhero cardi B had an
altar on her head forgive them Lord they
know not what they wear a fashion icon
Sarah Jessica Parker showed up dressed
as a lamppost at mar-a-lago Jared Leto
looks like Jesus just got back from
Coachella and Tom Brady I don't think
this is really I think he's dressed as
the white panther I don't know what
Catholic imagination these outfits came
from but the Catholic fashions from when
I grew up
we're a little bit different this is a
sister Mary Frances O'Brien wearing the
latest with JCPenney that in a nutshell
by the way the Met Gala is why middle
America hates New York hi I'm Jimmy
Kimmel and this is the Internet I made
it myself
kids subscribe if you like it